\newpage
\specsubsection{Units}

\specsubsubitem
A unit, or translation unit, is composed of several source files as described
by \secref{Translation steps}. Each source file is a \nonterminal{sub-unit}.

\begin{grammar}
\nonterminaldef{sub-unit}
	\nonterminal{declarations}\\
	\nonterminal{imports} \nonterminal{declarations}\\

\nonterminaldef{imports}
	\nonterminal{use-statement}\\
	\nonterminal{use-statement} \nonterminal{imports}\\

\nonterminaldef{use-statement}
	\terminal{use} \nonterminal{identifier} \terminal{;}\\
	\terminal{use} \nonterminal{name} \terminal{=} \nonterminal{identifier} \terminal{;}\\
	\terminal{use} \nonterminal{identifier} \terminal{::} \terminal{\{} \nonterminal{name-list} \terminal{\}} \terminal{;}\\

\nonterminaldef{name-list}
	\nonterminal{name}\\
	\nonterminal{name} \terminal{,}\\
	\nonterminal{name} \terminal{,} \nonterminal{name-list}\\
\end{grammar}

\specsubsubitem
Each \nonterminal{sub-unit} must have at least one \nonterminal{declaration},
and may have \nonterminal{imports}.

\specsubsubitem
An \nonterminal{import} shall declare a dependency between this translation
unit and another module of the namespace specified by the
\terminal{use-statement} \nonterminal{identifier}. This shall cause the named
module to be linked into the final program image as described by
\secref{Translation steps}.

\specsubsubitem
The first form of the \nonterminal{use-statement} shall cause the identifiers
declared by the target module to become visible to this \nonterminal{sub-unit}
in their fully-qualified form.

\specsubsubitem
The second form of the \nonterminal{use-statement} shall cause the identifiers
declared by the target module to become visible to this \nonterminal{sub-unit}
in a rewritten form, with the fully-qualified namespace of the identifiers
being visible under the namespace described by the \nonterminal{name} given in
this form.

\informative{In the use statement \code{use foo = bar::baz;}, identifiers in
the namespace \code{bar::baz} will be visible under the namespace \code{foo}.
For example, if the fully-qualified identifier \code{bar::baz::bat} exists, this
\nonterminal{sub-unit} may refer to it as \code{foo::bat}.}

\specsubsubitem
The third form of the \nonterminal{use-statement} shall cause only the
identifiers listed in the \nonterminal{name-list}, qualified in the context
of the target namespace, to become visible in their un-qualified form to this
\nonterminal{sub-unit}.

\informative{If the use statement \code{use bar::baz::\{bat\}} were specified
in the same conditions as the previous example, the fully-qualified identifier
\code{bar::baz::bat} may be referred to by its unqualified name \code{bat} in
the scope of this \nonterminal{sub-unit}.}

\specsubsubitem
The imports of a \nonterminal{sub-unit} are not visible to other
\nonterminal{sub-unit}s in the same translation unit. However, identifiers
\textit{declared} in this \nonterminal{sub-unit} are visible those
\nonterminal{sub-unit}s.
